docs/4/update-README (#8)
nhcarrigan/gimme-colours: README.md

## Usage

> **To install the tool**:-
> - globally:- run `npm i -g gimme-colours`. Then run `gimme-colours` to see a colour-coded list of strings.
> - locally:- run `npm i gimme-colours`. Then run `npx gimmie-colours` to see a colour-coded list of strings.
> >**NOTE**: global installation is preferred rather than local installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To install the tool**
- globally: run `npm i -g gimme-colours`. Then run `gimme-colours` to see a colour-coded list of strings.
- locally: run `npm i gimme-colours`. Then run `npx gimmie-colours` to see a colour-coded list of strings.
> **NOTE**: As this is a CLI tool, the global installation is preferred over the local installation. 
```
